Orthodox Christians in occupied East
Jerusalem are preparing for the annual
commemoration of what they believe was
the resurrection of Jesus Christ like
other holidays during Israel's war on
Gaza Orthodox Easter celebrations are
scaled back this year a tour guide tells
us ordinarily this time of year would be
the peak season for visitors it should
be loaded by people now but simply due
to the situ a we've got nothing as a
tour guide I've got no work nothing to
do and we're surviving as much as we can
in previous years these streets have
been packed with thousands of people now
they're
deserted typically around 150 to 200,000
pilgrims are in the Old City for
orthodox Easter celebrations but like
other holidays this Year festivities are
muted overshadowed by the war on Gaza
Palestinian Christians say the war isn't
the only challenge they face this uh
Saturday we'll celebrate the holy uh
light ceremony and we celebrate it with
many uh restrictions imposed by the
Israeli police where worshippers and
Christians will not be able to reach the
church as we used to do in uh uh in the
past this year no Palestinians from the
occupied West Bank or Gaza Strip will be
allowed into the city to pray but
despite the Israeli restrictions
Palestinians say they remain hopeful
because Easter is a celebration of new
beginnings Hamas Al jazer occupied East
Jerusalem
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer